So a few questions arise from this small project

1. What exactly is a constructor's job inside the class?
2. Convention logic at Class should it be there if not where should it be?
3.Janky canvas logic?
4.What are the benefits of OOP => need to dive deeper in that subject?
5.Is react a OOP language? are componenets close to Objects i've got not clue?


What i've learned today

1. First time working with OOP got a taste of the "everything is an object"
and it seemed nice but kind of confusing at first, i have a bunch of files
and i need to import from one to another.
(when importing make sure the script tag is type="module" if i get an error)

2. First time instanciating was a blast truely a cool thing, i enjoyed haveing difficultys
yet i was reffering to a video guide not exactly the same game but still close

  let apple = new Apple();
  ^^ this was cool ^^

3. learned a way to implement player movement with switch actaully first time using
the switch statement, that was intereseing had to find out why the "keyCode"
was stuckthrough because it was "deferred" apperantly im not sure either way i just used
key and it worked the same.

4.working with JS random function was cool

5.Found out what is deltaTime => deltaTime is the diffrence between now and the last time 
for example:

  deltaTime = timestamp - lastTime
  lasttime = timestamp

timestamp tells me the current time as it name suggests and last time was
the last time recorded the timestamp so the diffrence is the passage of time!

Things i had trouble with:

1.Janky canvas size and it's derivatives couldent properly set the canvas border
and thus i couldent clamp the player inside, i kind of hacked it by just resetting the
position alittle off the other side of the screen creating the effect 
of looping the screen but in real snake it doesn't happen.

2.Understanding classes and constructors and all of their derivatives
implemening them and importing them by the end of it i kind of made it worked
but when it came to refactoring my code it took me a while to grasp.
not an issue but just some thing i really need to work on.

3.Maintaining order in my code and have proper naming for variables and classes
i followed a guide so it is not an issue but someday it will become an issue
i guess i'm the type of developer that bodges things together, need to be mindful of that.


Finally i think today was a success in doing things i've never done,
it's always hard to start and im proud that i begun coding after three weeks of not doing
anything.

I should keep on going regardless, this is fun and challanging i really enjoy this.
